Installation Instructions
*************************

Copyright (C) 2012-2014 Karl Lenz.

   Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without warranty of any kind.

Basic Installation
==================

    There is no configure script or installation support provided with
this program at the moment. To compile, 'cd' to the root of the source
directory and type 'make'. The binary will be placed in the './bin'
directory and may be copied elsewhere on your system.

    The recommended install location is /usr/local/bin, unless you
choose to seperate software not installed through your distribution's
package management system. In that case, the install location should be
/opt/simplepost/bin. Since this software is a standalone binary
requiring no additional first-party libraries or configuration files,
it may conceivably be executed from anywhere you choose.

Compilers and Options
=====================

   Since there is no configure script provided with this package,
compilation is performed using a hand written makefile. So long as your
environment is reasonably standard, you should be able to compile this
software on any POSIX-compliant system using the method described above.
The software has only been tested on Debian 7.0 AMD64, however.

    By default, the makefile is set to use the Clang C++ compiler. It
has been tested to work with GCC on the same system, however. If you
don't have Clang installed or would simply prefer to use GCC, replace
the line 'CC = clang++' in './src/Makefile' with 'CC = g++'.
